To the classical mechanics (no less than) to the special relativity theory, is attached an epistemological defect, which
was perhaps first clearly pointed out by E. Mach. We shall illustrate it by the following example; Let two fluid
bodies of equal kind and magnitude swim freely in space at such a great distance from one another (and from all
other masses) that only that sort of gravitational forces are to be taken into account which the parts of any of these
bodies exert upon each other. The distance of the bodies from one another is invariable. The relative motion of the
different parts of each body is not to occur. But each mass is seen to rotate by an observer at rest relative to the other
mass round the connecting line of the masses with a constant angular velocity (definite relative motion for both the
masses). Now let us think that the surfaces of both the bodies ( and ) are measured with the help of
measuring rods (relatively at rest); it is then found that the surface of is a sphere and the surface of the other is an
ellipsoid of rotation. We now ask, why is this difference between the two bodies? An answer to this question can
only then be regarded as satisfactory[2] from the epistemological standpoint when the thing adduced as the cause is
an observable fact of experience. The law of causality has the sense of a definite statement about the world of
experience only when observable facts alone appear as causes and effects.
The Newtonian mechanics does not give to this question any satisfactory answer. For example, it says:— The laws
of mechanics hold true for a space relative to which the body is at rest, not however for a space relative to
which is at rest.

The Galiliean space, which is here introduced is however only a purely imaginary cause, not an observable thing. It
is thus clear that the Newtonian mechanics does not, in the case treated here, actually fulfil the requirements of
causality, but produces on the mind a fictitious complacency, in that it makes responsible a wholly imaginary cause
for the different behaviours of the bodies and which are actually observable.
A satisfactory explanation to the question put forward above can only be thus given:— that the physical system
composed of and shows for itself alone no conceivable cause to which the different behaviour of and
can be attributed. The cause must thus lie outside the system. We are therefore led to the conception that the general
laws of motion which determine specially the forms of and must be of such a kind, that the mechanical
behaviour of and must be essentially conditioned by the distant masses, which we had not brought into the
system considered. These distant masses, (and their relative motion as regards the bodies under consideration) are
then to be looked upon as the seat of the principal observable causes for the different behaviours of the bodies under
consideration. They take the place of the imaginary cause . Among all the conceivable spaces and etc.
moving in any manner relative to one another, there is a priori, no one set which can be regarded as affording greater
advantages, against which the objection which was already raised from the standpoint of the theory of knowledge
cannot be again revived. The laws of physics must be so constituted that they should remain valid for any system of
co-ordinates moving in any manner. We thus arrive at an extension of the relativity postulate.

Besides this momentous epistemological argument, there is also a well-known physical fact which speaks in favour
of an extension of the relativity theory. Let there be a Galiliean co-ordinate system K relative to which (at least in the
four-dimensional region considered) a mass at a sufficient distance from other masses move uniformly in a line. Let
be a second co-ordinate system which has a uniformly accelerated motion relative to K. Relative to any
mass at a sufficiently great distance experiences an accelerated motion such that its acceleration and its direction of
acceleration is independent of its material composition and its physical conditions.

Can any observer, at rest relative to , then conclude that he is in an actually accelerated reference-system? This
is to be answered in the negative; the above-named behaviour of the freely moving masses relative to can be
explained in as good a manner in the following way. The reference-system has no acceleration. In the
space-time region considered there is a gravitation-field which generates the accelerated motion relative to .

This conception is feasible, because to us the experience of the existence of a field of force (namely the gravitation
field) has shown that it possesses the remarkable property of imparting the same acceleration to all bodies.[3] The
mechanical behaviour of the bodies relative to is the same as experience would expect of them with reference to
systems which we assume from habit as stationary; thus it explains why from the physical stand-point it can be
assumed that the systems K and can both with the same legitimacy be taken as at rest, that is, they will be
equivalent as systems of reference for a description of physical phenomena.

From these discussions we see, that the working out of the general relativity theory must, at the same time, lead to a
theory of gravitation; for we can "create" a gravitational field by a simple variation of the co-ordinate system. Also
we see immediately that the principle of the constancy of light-velocity must be modified, for we recognise easily
that the path of a ray of light with reference to must be, in general, curved, when light travels with a definite and
constant velocity in a straight line with reference to K.

In the classical mechanics as well as in the special relativity theory, the co-ordinates of time and space have an
immediate physical significance; when we say that any arbitrary point has as its co-ordinate, it signifies that
the projection of the point-event on the -axis ascertained by means of a solid rod according to the rules of
Euclidean Geometry is reached when a definite measuring rod, the unit rod, can be carried times from the origin
of co-ordinates along the axis. A point having as the co-ordinate signifies that a unit clock which
is adjusted to be at rest relative to the system of co-ordinates, and coinciding in its spatial position, with the
point-event and set according to some definite standard has gone over periods before the occurrence of the
point-event.

This conception of time and space is continually present in the mind of the physicist, though often in an unconscious
way, as is clearly recognised from the role which this conception has played in physical measurements. This
conception must also appear to the reader to be lying at the basis of the second consideration of the last paragraph
and imparting a sense to these conceptions. But we wish to show that we are to abandon it and in general to replace it
by more general conceptions in order to be able to work out thoroughly the postulate of general relativity,— the case
of special relativity appearing as a limiting case when there is no gravitation.

We introduce in a space, which is free from Gravitation-field, a Galiliean Co-ordinate System K(x, y, z, t) and also,
another system K'(y', y', z', t') rotating uniformly relative to K. The origin of both the systems as well as their Z-axes
might continue to coincide. We will show that for a space-time measurement in the system , the above
established rules for the physical significance of time and space can not be maintained. On grounds of symmetry it is
clear that a circle round the origin in the X-Y plane of K, can also be looked upon as a circle in the - plane of
. Let us now think of measuring the circumference and the diameter of these circles, with a unit measuring rod
(infinitely small compared with the radius) and take the quotient of both the results of measurement. If this
experiment be carried out with a measuring rod at rest relatively to the Galiliean system K we would get π, as the
quotient.

The result of measurement with a rod relatively at rest as regards would be a number which is greater than
π. This can be seen easily when we regard the whole measurement-process from the system K and remember that the
rod placed on the periphery suffers a Lorentz-contraction, not however when the rod is placed along the radius.
Euclidean Geometry therefore does not hold for the system ; the above fixed conceptions of co-ordinates which
assume the validity of Euclidean Geometry fail with regard to the system . We cannot similarly introduce in a time
corresponding to physical requirements, which will be shown by all similarly prepared clocks at rest relative to the
system . In order to see this we suppose that two similarly made clocks are arranged one at the centre and one at the
periphery of the circle, and considered from the stationary system K. According to the well-known results of the
special relativity theory it follows — (as viewed from K) — that the clock placed at the periphery will go slower
than the second one which is at rest. The observer at the common origin of co-ordinates who is able to see the clock
at the periphery by means of light will see the clock at the periphery going slower than the clock beside him. Since
he cannot allow the velocity of light to depend explicitly upon the time in the way under consideration he will
interpret his observation by saying that the clock on the periphery "actually" goes slower than the clock at the origin.
He cannot therefore do otherwise than define time in such a way that the rate of going of a clock depends on its
position.

We therefore arrive at this result. In the general relativity theory time and space magnitudes cannot be so defined that
the difference in spatial co-ordinates can be immediately measured by the unit-measuring rod, and time-like
co-ordinate difference with the aid of a normal clock.

The means hitherto at our disposal, for placing our co-ordinate system in the time-space continuum, in a definite
way, therefore completely fail and it appears that there is no other way which will enable us to fit the co-ordinate
system to the four-dimensional world in such a way, that by it we can expect to get a specially simple formulation of
the laws of Nature. So that nothing remains for us but to regard all conceivable[5] co-ordinate systems as equally
suitable for the description of natural phenomena. This amounts to the following law:—

That in general, Laws of Nature are expressed by means of equations which are valid for all co-ordinate systems,
that is, which are covariant for all possible transformations. It is clear that a physics which satisfies this postulate
will be unobjectionable from the standpoint of the general relativity postulate. Because among all substitutions there
are, in every case, contained those, which correspond to all relative motions of the co-ordinate system (in three
dimensions). This condition of general covariance which takes away the last remnants of physical objectivity from
space and time, is a natural requirement, as seen from the following considerations. All our well-substantiated
space-time propositions amount to the determination of space-time coincidences. If, for example, the event consisted
in the motion of material points, then, for this last case, nothing else are really observable except the encounters
between two or more of these material points. The results of our measurements are nothing else than well-proved
theorems about such coincidences of material points, of our measuring rods with other material points, coincidences
between the hands of a clock, dial-marks and point-events occurring at the same position and at the same time.

The introduction of a system of co-ordinates serves no other purpose than an easy description of totality of such
coincidences. We fit to the world our space-time variables such that to any and every point-event
corresponds a system of values of . Two coincident point-events correspond to the same value of the
variables ; i.e., the coincidence is characterised by the equality of the co-ordinates. If we now introduce
any four functions as coordinates, so that there is an unique correspondence between them, the
equality of all the four co-ordinates in the new system will still be the expression of the space-time coincidence of
two material points. As the purpose of all physical laws is to allow us to remember such coincidences, there is a
priori no reason present, to prefer a certain co-ordinate system to another; i.e., we get the condition of general
covariance